feat: New Component Float Button (#37520)
ant-design/ant-design: components/float-button/demo/group-menu.md

---
order: 5
iframe: 360
title:
  zh-CN: 菜单模式

>   en-US: Custom style

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  en-US: Menu mode
```

---

## zh-CN

设置 trigger 属性即可开启菜单模式，你可以选择 `hover` 或者 `click` 两种触发方式

## en-US

Setting the trigger can open the menu mode, and you can select `Hover` or `click` to trigger

```tsx
import React from 'react';
import { FloatButton } from 'antd';

const App: React.FC = () => (

>   <FloatButton.Group shape="square" trigger="click">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <FloatButton.Group type="primary" trigger="click">
```
和设计稿一样

---
order: 5
iframe: 360
title:
  zh-CN: 菜单模式
  en-US: Menu mode
---

## zh-CN

> 设置 trigger 属性即可开启菜单模式，你可以选择 `hover` 或者 `click` 两种触发方式

Reviewer: ```suggestion
设置 `trigger` 属性即可开启菜单模式。提供 `hover` 和 `click` 两种触发方式
```

## en-US

> Setting the trigger can open the menu mode, and you can select `Hover` or `click` to trigger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open menu mode with `trigger`, which could be `hover` or `click`.
```
